h1. TXP Magazine website

TXP Magazine is a publication of the Textpattern project; serving the greater community of open source content management enthusiasts. *Currently under development.*

h2. Requirements

Building this repository requires:

* "Node.js":http://nodejs.org/ >=0.8.0
* "Ruby":http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/
* "Bundler":http://bundler.io/
* "Grunt":http://gruntjs.com/ ~0.4.0
* "Bower":http://bower.io/ >=0.10.0

Environment must consist of:

* Apache 2
* PHP >=5.3
* MySQL >=5
* Textpattern CMS 4.6.0-dev

h2. Building

The project uses "Grunt":http://gruntjs.com/ to run tasks and "Sass":http://sass-lang.com/ for CSS pre-processing. This creates few dependencies in addition to your normal PHP required by Textpattern. First make sure you have base dependencies installed: "Ruby":http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/, "Node.js":http://nodejs.org/, "Bundler":http://bundler.io/, "Grunt":http://gruntjs.com/ and "Bower":http://bower.io/. You can install Node and Ruby using their installers, Bunder with gem and the rest with npm:

bc. $ gem install bundler
$ npm install -g grunt-cli
$ npm install -g bower

Consult the tools' documentation for more instructions.

After you have the base dependencies taken care of, you can install the project's Node and Ruby dependencies. Navigate to the project's directory, and run the dependency managers:

bc. $ cd txpmag-website
$ npm install
$ bundle install
$ bower install

*npm* installs Node modules for Grunt, *bundle* takes care of Ruby gems, and *bower* manages client-side scripts. After you have installed all dependencies, you will be able to run tasks using Grunt:

bc. $ grunt [task]

Where the @[task]@ is either @build@ or @watch@. Watch will launch a task that watches for file changes. The project is automatically built if a source file is modified. The build task builds the project.